If you want to join the job, you can really do it
Why can he and Shen Rong enter the neutral group?
Why is that trash lucky?
Without him
It was Qin Mengying who was close to the Qin family
I got out of the relationship with the Qin family to enter here
What's the difference?
But from a loser
Turned into a soft rice eater
No, I said that.
And for that pitiful bit of self-esteem
Specially pretend
Hmph, I thought I could give him a higher look
Unexpectedly, he went to eat soft rice for the sake of face
He also wants to use women to steal the credit of Xu Gongzi
That is disgusting.
Tell him to stay away from Ruxin in the future
Otherwise I can do anything
Humph
Mr. Chen
Taste my fine tea collection
Lele, let's get straight to the point
Duyuan tweed
Mr. God is really pleasant
The Du Yuanhua you want, Master Huan
Du Yuanhua has got it.
Not far from the ascent
Mr. Shen
Do you want to be my personal doctor?
The price is whatever you want.
Even shares in neutral groups are fine
I'm not interested.
Guan Lao
Now that the goods have been obtained
I'm going to take my leave.
Not good, Mr. Shen
The national uniform carries a mysterious master
Introduce us to the octagonal dragon ring
They want to force me to hand over the Aurora Group